Technical Specification

Today, most of the companies sell products, experiences, services but not a lot of them achieve to receive a feedback from consumers. Nevertheless, these remarks can be key for brands and that’s why Boonty has been created by Laury Jacot and its collegues. This platform affords companies to share surveys and users reply to it in an centralized and ergnonomic application. This is the end of the spam in our mail that we either don’t see or decide to ignore. In Boonty, users have incentive to answer since they are rewarded for each survey feedback regarding a brand. These rewards can be goodies, discounts, cash or NFT. Yet, cryptocurrencies can be obscur for some people and they may choose other rewards owing to that so our mission in to add a Web3 dimension with EIP-4337 implementation while keeping a simple visible platform for the user. 

For this upgrade, Boonty needs to move out from a system with each user is linked to an External Owned Account (EOA) to a smart-contract based system. This transition should appear as a high change in the application since we just have new features avaliables and the path to execture transactions is shorter since the user won’t manually do the entire process but abstracts some technical tasks by deleguating them. Indeed, some steps and notions are completely hidden such as seed phrase management, transaction signature or gaz fee payement. All of those time-computing tasks are now handled by codes (written and editiable) run by smart contracts interacting with UserOperations, bundlers, entrypoint contracts etc. 

This transition towards EIP-4337 is quite a breakthrough since it enhances gradually the user experience through the ease of use of the platform. Crypto device management isn’t black-box anymore as users don’t interact with features requiring crypto knowledge and can receive in a facilited way NFT in their account owing to account abstraction simply by activating a new User Operation. The usage of EIP-4337 technology can be a real asset of Web2.5 companies since this standard democratization can attract new users despite their low knowledge in blockchain domain.

Another consequent advantage of the EIP-4337 is the security dimension. Indeed, some user may be imprudent with their wallets and make some errors that causes them consequent damage. We can for example quote the loss of the seed phrasepaper that prevents users from accessing their account. A environment powered by EIP-4337 is able to fix transaction limitations, detect abusive contracts or cancel doubtful contracts. As for a wallet based system, this vigilance for a user not familiar with blockchain notions is almost impossible to ensure. Consequently, users can misbehave and be trapped with hack attacks for instance. Furthermore, this change would envolve a better management autonomy with contracts than wallets.
